Task: Simple Calorie App
We would like to see how you would create a calorie tracking app.
Users should be able to enter their food entries along with the number of calories for each food entry.

Stack: React, Redux, Node, Express, MongoDB, Bootstrap, Material-UI, RESTful API. 
Should be mobile responsive(Android/iOS). 

Task functionalities

Users should be able to manage food entries
1. A user should be able to add a new food entry
2. Food entry should contain the following information:
○ Date/time when the food was taken
○ Food/product name (i.e. Milk, banana, hamburger)
○ Calorie value (numeric value)
3. The first screen a user should see is the list of existing food entries. 

Calorie limit warning per day
4. The daily threshold limit of calories should be 2100.
○ Ensure the users can see for which day they reached that limit. Also, ensure it is easy to change that limit in the code, per user. 
You don’t have to create an interface for this purpose.

Admin role with a simple reporting
5. Implement an admin role
6. Admin can see a screen with all added food entries of all users and manage existing food entries (read, update, create, delete)
7. Admin should also see the report screen with the following information. 
○ Number of added entries in the last 7 days vs. added entries the week before that. 
Please Include the current day in those stats
○ The average number of calories added per user for the last 7 days
○ A regular user should not be able to access this reporting screen or access its data

User authentication/authorization
8. Please use a token authentication method. 
Fully-functional login process is not mandatory. Please refer to the requirements for the exact flow that is expected.
The login process can be simplified by using predefined tokens for the different users of the application. If you want you can create a fully-functional login process.

Autocomplete feature
9. Implement autocomplete name feature and autocompleting calorie value using Nutritionix API. By providing this functionality you will help the user add a product title and number of calories
10. If the Nutritionix API cannot provide you with such information, then the user must fill in everything manually.

Filtering by dates
11. Users should be able to filter food entries by entry date (date from / date to)
12. Place filter fields on the same screen where the list of previously added food entries is

Short project video - after you are done, please provide us with a simple and short video recording of the functionality and submit it to the GIT repository.